---
season_id: 2019
title: 2019 Season
---

*   Our Gender-Swapped Star Trek series at [the Arisia science-fiction convention](http://2019.arisia.org/) continued in January 2019 with [“The Enterprise Incident”](/events/arisia19) in which Captain Jane T. Kirk, behaving oddly, orders the Enterprise into Romulan space, and is intercepted by three Romulan ships. On being invited to board the flagship, Captain Kirk and Ms. Spock are surprised to find that its captain is a man. Will Spock be immune to his masculine wiles?
*   This year, for the first time, we also reprised one of our summer mysteries at Arisia. We presented Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson in [“The Final Problem,”](/events/arisia19) in which Holmes battles his most famous adversary, the infamous Professor Moriarty.
*   In April, [our Spring show](/events/filibus) featured “Filibus: The Mysterious Sky Pirate”, an original adaptation of a 1915 silent film by Brian Kjersten about a daring thief who uses her airship and her gift for disguise to commit seemingly impossible crimes, and “Confidence Confidant”, an original radio drama by Eva C. Schegulla based on the true-story of Kate Warne, the first female Pinkerton detective, who used her similar knack for disguise and deception in the service of justice rather than crime.
*   In July, [our Summer Mystery show](/events/srt19) featured “Mrs. Hudson Investigates”, in which Sherlock Holmes’ landlady Martha Hudson takes a case herself after the famous detective disappears, and “The Adventure of the Empty House”, set three years after Holmes’ death at the hands of Professor Moriarty, when the late detective’s friend and diarist Dr. Watson tries to work out a notorious and seemingly impossible case.
*   In early August, the Post-Meridian Radio Players reprised the Gender-Swapped Star Trek: episode we performed at the Arisia science-fiction convention in January, [“The Enterprise Incident”](/events/enterprise). In Mindy Klenoff's adaptation of this Original Series episode Ms. Spock finds her loyalties tested when the Enterprise ventures into Romulan space, and the crew of the Enterprise find themselves at the mercy of a Romulan fleet led by a male commander.
*   On August 23d, PMRP [reprised our original adaptation of “The Cask of Amontillado”](/events/voxpop2019) at the Somerville Media Center’s pop-up performance space VOX POP in Assembly Square, Somerville. Naomi Ibasitas directed Mare Freed’s adaptation, which transplants Poe’s classic tale to the Roaring Twenties.
*   On October 10, PMRP reprised “Hurst of Hurstcote” at [Stonehurst, the Robert Treat Paine Estate](http://stonehurstwaltham.org/), in Waltham, originally performed as part of [Tomes of Terror: Lenore](/events/lenore) in 2017. For full details including ticket information, see [Stonehurst’s own page about the event](http://stonehurstwaltham.org/programs/2019/10/10/a-gothic-horror-radio-show-hurst-of-hurstcote). (For a copy of the program, you can see [our very minimal event page](/events/stonehurst2019).)
*   Around Halloween in October/November, we presented [Tomes of Terror: Beyond Grimm](/events/beyondgrimm), featuring four hair-raising folk tales (one of them also hare-raising) from around the world: “A Hare-Raising Tale” by Naomi Hinchen, “The Myling” by Adrian Cory, “The Boy Who Drew Cats” by Greg Lam, and “La Siguanaba” by Liz Salazar.
*   In December, we we again performed [our original adaptation of that 1964 Christmas classic film, Santa Claus Conquers the Martians](/events/santa2019), in which Martians, concerned that their children are bored and listless and don’t want to do anything but watch Earth television programs, kidnap Santa Claus (and a couple of unlucky Earth children) from Earth and bring him to Mars to make toys so their children can be kids again. This gets better every year, and this year we also presented a featurette on the importance of safety at Christmastime.
