---
season_id: 2022
title: 2022 Season
---
*   In February, we performed [the Gender-Swapped Star Trek: episode “The City on the Edge of Forever”](/events/edgeofforever), over Zoom. (This had been planned as part of the Arisia science-fiction convention in January; when that was cancelled due to the Omicron COVID-19 surge, we decided to perform it streaming instead.)
*   Also in February, we performed Sherlock Holmes in [The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans](/events/boskone59) at the Boskone 59 science-fiction convention, reprising our performance from last year. This is one of only two adventures to feature Sherlock’s older, smarter brother Mycroft. Holmes and Watson investigate the theft of the plans of England’s greatest naval weapon, the Bruce-Partington submarine!
*   In July, we particpated in [the Somerville Arts Council's ArtBeat 2022](https://somervilleartscouncil.org/artbeat/2022) with our walking audio tour, [Strange Tales of Davis Square](http://pmrp.org/events/artbeat2022), presenting a series of very short audio stories about locations around Davis Square. ArtBeat was on July 16, but the stories are [still available for listening](http://pmrp.org/events/artbeat2022) whenever you’d like to hear them.
*   Also in July. we presented our summer mysteries, [Riddle of the Super Sleuths](http://pmrp.org/events/srt22), featuring gentleman thief Arsène Lupin in “The Seven of Hearts”, Doctor Watson and Inspector Lestrade puzzling out a mystery for Sherlock Holmes in “The Adventure of the Sleeping Cardinal”, and an original mystery, “The Lost Days of Mrs. Neele”.
*   In October, we presented [Tomes of Terror: Spirits of Suspense](/events/sos), featuring three classic stories from the Golden Age of Radio: Suspense’s “Three O’Clock” and “The Furnished Floor,”, and Escape’s “The Birds.”
